Adding a port exposure note to Core get started page (#5871)
influxdata/docs-v2: content/influxdb3/core/install.md

--platform linux/arm64 \
quay.io/influxdb/influxdb3-core:latest
```
> [!Note]

> > The {{% product-name %}} Docker image exposes port `8181`, the default for the `influxdb3` server HTTP port.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> The {{% product-name %}} Docker image exposes port `8181`, the `influxdb` server default for HTTP connections.
> To map the exposed port to a different port when running a container, see the Docker guide for [Publishing and exposing ports](https://docs.docker.com/get-started/docker-concepts/running-containers/publishing-ports/).
```

--platform linux/arm64 \
quay.io/influxdb/influxdb3-core:latest
```
> [!Note]

> > The {{% product-name %}} Docker image exposes port `8181`, the `influxdb` server default for HTTP connections.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> The {{% product-name %}} Docker image exposes port `8181`, the `influxdb3` server default for HTTP connections.
```
